README.md, before:

# iFlow CLI SDK for Rust

A powerful Rust SDK for interacting with iFlow using the Agent Communication Protocol (ACP). This SDK provides both simple query functions and full bidirectional client for complex interactions.

## Features

- 🚀 **Automatic Process Management** - SDK automatically starts and manages iFlow process
- 🔌 **Stdio Communication** - Communicate with iFlow via stdio for better performance and reliability
- 🔄 **Bidirectional Communication** - Real-time streaming messages and responses
- 🛠️ **Tool Call Management** - Fine-grained permission control for tool execution
- 📋 **Task Planning** - Receive and process structured task plans
- 🔍 **Raw Data Access** - Debug and inspect protocol-level messages
- ⚡ **Async/Await Support** - Modern async Rust with full type safety

## TODO

- [ ] Add support for WebSocket communication
- [ ] 🤖 **Sub-agent Support** - Track and manage multiple AI agents via `agent_id`

## Installation

Add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
iflow-cli-sdk-rust = "0.1.0"
```

Or install directly from the repository:

```bash
cargo add --git https://github.com/vibe-ideas/iflow-cli-sdk-rust
```

## Quick Start

### Simple Query

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::query;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    let response = query("What is 2 + 2?").await?;
    println!("{}", response); // "4"
    Ok(())
}
```

### Interactive Session

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::{IFlowClient, IFlowOptions, Message};
use futures::stream::StreamExt;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    let options = IFlowOptions::new()
        .with_auto_start_process(true);
    
    let mut client = IFlowClient::new(Some(options));
    client.connect().await?;
    
    client.send_message("Hello, iFlow!", None).await?;
    
    let mut message_stream = client.messages();
    while let Some(message) = message_stream.next().await {
        match message {
            Message::Assistant { content } => {
                print!("{}", content);
                std::io::stdout().flush()?;
            }
            Message::TaskFinish { .. } => {
                break;
            }
            _ => {
                // Handle other message types
            }
        }
    }
    
    client.disconnect().await?;
    Ok(())
}
```

### Streaming Responses

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::query_stream;
use futures::stream::StreamExt;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    let mut stream = query_stream("Tell me a story").await?;
    
    while let Some(chunk) = stream.next().await {
        print!("{}", chunk);
        std::io::stdout().flush()?;
    }
    
    Ok(())
}
```

## Configuration

### Client Options

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::IFlowOptions;

let options = IFlowOptions::new()
    .with_timeout(60.0)
    .with_file_access(true)
    .with_auto_start_process(true);
```

### Sandbox Mode

The SDK now uses stdio for communication with iFlow, so there's no need for WebSocket URLs. The `for_sandbox` method is no longer applicable.

## Message Types

The SDK handles various message types from iFlow:

- `Message::Assistant { content }` - AI assistant responses
- `Message::ToolCall { id, name, status }` - Tool execution requests
- `Message::Plan { entries }` - Structured task plans
- `Message::TaskFinish { reason }` - Task completion signals
- `Message::Error { code, message }` - Error notifications
- `Message::User { content }` - User message echoes

## Examples

Run the examples:

```bash
# Simple query example
cargo run --example query

# Interactive client example
cargo run --example basic_client

# Test response handling
cargo run --example test_response

# Explore API capabilities
cargo run --example explore_api

# Test real-time message streaming
cargo run --example test_stream

# Test real-time performance
cargo run --example test_realtime

# Logging example
cargo run --example logging_example
```

## Architecture

The SDK is organized into several modules:

- `client` - Main IFlowClient implementation with stdio communication
- `types` - Type definitions and message structures
- `process_manager` - iFlow process lifecycle management
- `query` - Convenience functions for simple queries
- `error` - Error types and handling
- `logger` - Message logging functionality

## Requirements

- Rust 1.70+
- iFlow CLI installed with `--experimental-acp` support (or use auto-start feature)

## Development

### Building

```bash
cargo build
```

### Testing

```bash
cargo test
```

### Running with logging

```bash
RUST_LOG=info cargo run --example basic_client
```

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

feat: add WebSocket support and examples

README.md, after:

# iFlow CLI SDK for Rust

A powerful Rust SDK for interacting with iFlow using the Agent Communication Protocol (ACP). This SDK provides both simple query functions and full bidirectional client for complex interactions.

## Features

- 🚀 **Automatic Process Management** - SDK automatically starts and manages iFlow process
- 🔌 **Dual Communication Modes** - Communicate with iFlow via stdio or WebSocket
- 🔄 **Bidirectional Communication** - Real-time streaming messages and responses
- 🛠️ **Tool Call Management** - Fine-grained permission control for tool execution
- 📋 **Task Planning** - Receive and process structured task plans
- 🔍 **Raw Data Access** - Debug and inspect protocol-level messages
- ⚡ **Async/Await Support** - Modern async Rust with full type safety

## TODO

- [x] Add support for WebSocket communication
- [ ] 🤖 **Sub-agent Support** - Track and manage multiple AI agents via `agent_id`

## Installation

Add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
iflow-cli-sdk-rust = "0.1.0"
```

Or install directly from the repository:

```bash
cargo add --git https://github.com/vibe-ideas/iflow-cli-sdk-rust
```

## Quick Start

### Simple Query

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::query;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    let response = query("What is 2 + 2?").await?;
    println!("{}", response); // "4"
    Ok(())
}
```

### Interactive Session

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::{IFlowClient, IFlowOptions, Message};
use futures::stream::StreamExt;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    let options = IFlowOptions::new()
        .with_auto_start_process(true);
    
    let mut client = IFlowClient::new(Some(options));
    client.connect().await?;
    
    client.send_message("Hello, iFlow!", None).await?;
    
    let mut message_stream = client.messages();
    while let Some(message) = message_stream.next().await {
        match message {
            Message::Assistant { content } => {
                print!("{}", content);
                std::io::stdout().flush()?;
            }
            Message::TaskFinish { .. } => {
                break;
            }
            _ => {
                // Handle other message types
            }
        }
    }
    
    client.disconnect().await?;
    Ok(())
}
```

### Streaming Responses

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::query_stream;
use futures::stream::StreamExt;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    let mut stream = query_stream("Tell me a story").await?;
    
    while let Some(chunk) = stream.next().await {
        print!("{}", chunk);
        std::io::stdout().flush()?;
    }
    
    Ok(())
}
```

## Configuration

### Client Options

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::IFlowOptions;

let options = IFlowOptions::new()
    .with_timeout(60.0)
    .with_file_access(true)
    .with_auto_start_process(true);
```

### WebSocket Configuration

To use WebSocket communication instead of stdio:

```rust
use iflow_cli_sdk_rust::IFlowOptions;

let options = IFlowOptions::new()
    .with_websocket_url("ws://localhost:8090/acp")
    .with_auto_start_process(true); // Auto-start when using WebSocket (default)
```

Just like with stdio communication, the SDK can automatically start the iFlow process when using WebSocket connections. The process will only be started if iFlow is not already running on the specified URL.

### Sandbox Mode

The SDK now uses stdio for communication with iFlow, so there's no need for WebSocket URLs. The `for_sandbox` method is no longer applicable.

## Message Types

The SDK handles various message types from iFlow:

- `Message::Assistant { content }` - AI assistant responses
- `Message::ToolCall { id, name, status }` - Tool execution requests
- `Message::Plan { entries }` - Structured task plans
- `Message::TaskFinish { reason }` - Task completion signals
- `Message::Error { code, message }` - Error notifications
- `Message::User { content }` - User message echoes

## Examples

Run the examples:

```bash
# Simple query example
cargo run --example query

# Interactive client example (stdio)
cargo run --example basic_client

# Interactive client example (WebSocket)
cargo run --example websocket_client

# Test response handling
cargo run --example test_response

# Explore API capabilities
cargo run --example explore_api

# Test real-time message streaming
cargo run --example test_stream

# Test real-time performance
cargo run --example test_realtime

# Logging example
cargo run --example logging_example
```

## Architecture

The SDK is organized into several modules:

- `client` - Main IFlowClient implementation with dual stdio/WebSocket communication
- `types` - Type definitions and message structures
- `process_manager` - iFlow process lifecycle management
- `query` - Convenience functions for simple queries
- `error` - Error types and handling
- `logger` - Message logging functionality
- `websocket_transport` - Low-level WebSocket communication layer
- `acp_protocol` - ACP protocol implementation for WebSocket communication

## Requirements

- Rust 1.70+
- iFlow CLI installed with `--experimental-acp` support (or use auto-start feature)

## Development

### Building

```bash
cargo build
```

### Testing

```bash
cargo test
```

### Running with logging

```bash
RUST_LOG=info cargo run --example basic_client
```

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
