examples/README.md, before:

# iFlow CLI SDK Examples

This directory contains several examples demonstrating different ways to use the iFlow CLI SDK for Rust.

## Simple Query Examples

### `query.rs`

Demonstrates the simplest way to interact with iFlow using the `query` convenience function.

```bash
cargo run --example query
```

This example shows how to send a single query to iFlow and receive a complete response.

### `query_stream.rs`

Shows how to stream responses from iFlow in real-time as they are generated.

```bash
cargo run --example query_stream
```

This is useful for long responses where you want to show output as it's being generated.

## Bidirectional Communication Examples

### `basic_client.rs`

Demonstrates full bidirectional communication with iFlow, handling multiple message types.

```bash
cargo run --example basic_client
```

This example shows how to:

- Establish a connection with iFlow
- Send messages
- Handle different message types (Assistant, ToolCall, Plan, etc.)
- Process streaming responses

### `websocket_client.rs`

Shows how to use WebSocket communication instead of stdio.

```bash
cargo run --example websocket_client
```

This example demonstrates:

- Connecting to iFlow via WebSocket
- Configuring WebSocket-specific options
- Handling the same message types as the basic client

## Advanced Features Examples

### `permission_modes.rs`

Demonstrates how to control tool call permissions.

```bash
cargo run --example permission_modes
```

This example shows:

- Different permission modes (Auto, Manual, Selective)
- How to handle tool call requests
- Implementing custom permission logic

### `test_stream.rs`

Performance test for message streaming.

```bash
cargo run --example test_stream
```

This example:

- Measures message streaming performance
- Shows detailed timing information
- Demonstrates handling all message types with timestamps

### `test_response.rs`

Tests response handling with detailed output.

```bash
cargo run --example test_response
```

### `test_realtime.rs`

Tests real-time performance characteristics.

```bash
cargo run --example test_realtime
```

### `logging_example.rs`

Shows how to use the built-in logging functionality.

```bash
cargo run --example logging_example
```

This example demonstrates:

- Configuring logging options
- Writing logs to files
- Using different log levels

## Usage Tips

1. Make sure iFlow CLI is installed and available in your PATH, or use the auto-start feature
2. For WebSocket examples, ensure iFlow is running with WebSocket support
3. Most examples use `LocalSet` for proper async runtime compatibility
4. All examples follow the pattern of connecting, sending messages, handling responses, and disconnecting

## Running Examples

To run any example, use:

```bash
cargo run --example <example_name>
```

Replace `<example_name>` with the name of the example you want to run (without the `.rs` extension).

Commit message:

feat: add query_with_config and query_stream_with_config functions
Add convenience functions for synchronous and streaming queries with custom IFlowOptions, allowing users to specify timeouts and other configurations. Updated documentation, examples, and library exports to support this new functionality.

examples/README.md, after:

# iFlow CLI SDK Examples

This directory contains several examples demonstrating different ways to use the iFlow CLI SDK for Rust.

## Simple Query Examples

### `query.rs`

Demonstrates the simplest way to interact with iFlow using the `query` convenience function.

```bash
cargo run --example query
```

This example shows how to send a single query to iFlow and receive a complete response.

### `query_with_config.rs`

Demonstrates how to use the `query_with_config` function with custom configuration options.

```bash
cargo run --example query_with_config
```

This example shows how to configure the timeout and other options for a query.

### `query_stream.rs`

Shows how to stream responses from iFlow in real-time as they are generated.

```bash
cargo run --example query_stream
```

This is useful for long responses where you want to show output as it's being generated.

## Bidirectional Communication Examples

### `basic_client.rs`

Demonstrates full bidirectional communication with iFlow, handling multiple message types.

```bash
cargo run --example basic_client
```

This example shows how to:

- Establish a connection with iFlow
- Send messages
- Handle different message types (Assistant, ToolCall, Plan, etc.)
- Process streaming responses

### `websocket_client.rs`

Shows how to use WebSocket communication instead of stdio.

```bash
cargo run --example websocket_client
```

This example demonstrates:

- Connecting to iFlow via WebSocket
- Configuring WebSocket-specific options
- Handling the same message types as the basic client

## Advanced Features Examples

### `permission_modes.rs`

Demonstrates how to control tool call permissions.

```bash
cargo run --example permission_modes
```

This example shows:

- Different permission modes (Auto, Manual, Selective)
- How to handle tool call requests
- Implementing custom permission logic

### `test_stream.rs`

Performance test for message streaming.

```bash
cargo run --example test_stream
```

This example:

- Measures message streaming performance
- Shows detailed timing information
- Demonstrates handling all message types with timestamps

### `test_response.rs`

Tests response handling with detailed output.

```bash
cargo run --example test_response
```

### `test_realtime.rs`

Tests real-time performance characteristics.

```bash
cargo run --example test_realtime
```

### `logging_example.rs`

Shows how to use the built-in logging functionality.

```bash
cargo run --example logging_example
```

This example demonstrates:

- Configuring logging options
- Writing logs to files
- Using different log levels

## Usage Tips

1. Make sure iFlow CLI is installed and available in your PATH, or use the auto-start feature
2. For WebSocket examples, ensure iFlow is running with WebSocket support
3. Most examples use `LocalSet` for proper async runtime compatibility
4. All examples follow the pattern of connecting, sending messages, handling responses, and disconnecting

## Running Examples

To run any example, use:

```bash
cargo run --example <example_name>
```

Replace `<example_name>` with the name of the example you want to run (without the `.rs` extension).
